Actice Access Activity Search Key: bynuz4eap58pkk38m2vants3
Active Access Key: e7d3anxx2a923ryrdm6zcx68

Google Client Secret: sI2nmtg-d27Sy3VCGobe-aVH
Google Client ID: 358978147634-vt5o7c3na9s28m3qj3jvfp8a39mp5pdm.apps.googleusercontent.com

Google Map Key: AIzaSyCwr4my9cokU5JiXc41ODW41OOjBpHeMMg

Gmail Key:

Eventful Api key: f82xVFHpZXDFfbck

Fitness Challenge Web App



My goal is to build a creative way to motivate friends 
and family to be more 
active. It's a fun way to push past 
personal fitness obstacles that one may
not be able to 
overcome due to a lack of drive or motivation.  

User Stories:

1. As an unregistered user, I want to be able to register for an account, and also sign in to my account.

2. As an unregistered OR registered user, I want to be able to see local fitness events such as mud runs, marathons, and beer runs on a google map. 

3. As a registered user, I want to be able to add other registered users to my friends list.

4. As a registered user, I want to be able to use the Web App's challenge builder to create custom fitness challenges with 
   specific workout goals and difficulty levels to compete with my friends in the gym or at home.

5. As a registered user, I want to be able to add friends to my challenges and click on Individual goals to see who has completed them.

6. As a registered user, I want to be able to schedule fitness events into my personal google calendar.

7. As a registered user, I want to be able to create a personal workout chart that I can use to plan my workouts day to day.

8. As a registered user, I want to be able to make my workout chart shared or private with my friends.

9. As a registered user, I want to be able to see shared friends' workout charts.

10. *BONUS* As a registered user, I want to be able to recieve milestone rewards for completing goals before my friends.

11. *BONUS* As a registered user, I want to be able to recieve rewards for completing challenges that me or my friends have set. 

12. *BONUS* As a registered user, I want to be able to view rewards I have earned in the past. 

13. *BONUS* As a developer, I want to be able to create my own rewards in the form of a Jpeg or other easy to input form. 












